refactor: docker setup to be worktree-friendly (#11291)
Automattic/woocommerce-payments: docker/README.md

Password: wordpress
```

### Working with Git Worktrees

The Docker setup is designed to work seamlessly with git worktrees. Each worktree gets its own WordPress container with a unique port.

#### Creating a new worktree

```bash
# Create the worktree
git worktree add ../my-feature-branch feature-branch

# Navigate to it
cd ../my-feature-branch

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Configure port and worktree ID (creates .env file)
npm run worktree:setup

# Start WordPress
npm run up:recreate
```

> The `worktree:setup` command scans for an available port (8084-8099), derives a `WORKTREE_ID` from the directory name, and creates a `.env` file with both values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `worktree:setup` command scans for an available port (8180-8199), derives a `WORKTREE_ID` from the directory name, and creates a `.env` file with both values.
```
